Update examples graymatter (#227)
vercel/examples: solutions/static-tweets-tailwind/README.md

---
marketplace: false

> reason: A static tweet template was already added to templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reason: https://github.com/lfades/static-tweet is very similar to this one
```
